So we worked a lot on share place,
now I'm actually happy with the look of find place here, feel free to of course fine tune this to your needs
but I'm happy with it as I am with this preview here.
Now later, we'll also display a map here but we haven't got this functionality yet so I'll leave it as
it is for now.
Instead the last thing I want to style is the side drawer, it would be nice to move this element a little bit further
down, add an icon next to it,
change the overall style.
The question also is what do I want to render in there anyways?
I want to render a log out button,
we haven't added authentication yet but later, once the user is able to sign in, the button here should
allow him to sign out. So styling that is the last thing
and again, take this as a challenge, style a
logout entry here, whichever look you want,
feel free to use an
icon,
we already added icon so you can just search for a fitting ionicon and use it and change the side drawer to
look in the way you want it to look. In the next lecture,
we'll do this together.